fix(content): Clarify FS27 description (#9976)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/korath/korath ships.txt

	gun 13 -8
	explode "tiny explosion" 25
	explode "small explosion" 15

> 	description "Because it is piloted by a computer and has no need for a cockpit or life support systems, the FS27 fighter is able to support more weaponry than any comparable human ship."

Reviewer: What about this?

```suggestion
	description "Because it is piloted by a computer and has no need for a cockpit or life support systems, the FS27 fighter is able to support a thicker hull, more shields, more powerful guns than any comparable human ship."
```

Author: ~~missing a conjunction~~

Reviewer: That's what happens when you post things when you should be in bed sleeping.  LOL
